// Copyright 2021 Matei Hriscu (311CA) <matei.hriscu@stud.acs.upb.ro>

Throughout all tasks I have used a struct to hold the content, dimensions and
sum of each matrix.

All matrices are stored in the mat_arr array which is dynamically allocated and
gets resized every time the maximum capacity is reached or less than half of
the maximum capacity is being used.

Also, all operations which target a specific matrix are only performed if the
given index is valid.

Task 1 (Loading a matrix into memory):

Memory is allocated for the new matrix and its dimensions and content are read
from standard input. Then it is added to the end of mat_arr.

Task 2 (Determining the dimensions of a given matrix):

The dimensions are simply printed from the struct's rows and columns members.

Task 3 (Displaying a matrix):

The elements of the matrix are printed to the standard output.

Task 4 (Resizing a matrix):

A copy is made of the original matrix, which is then used to build the resized
matrix. Each element of the new matrix is taken from the copy at the
intersection of each new line / column.

Task 5 (Matrix multiplication):

If the multiplication isn't possible, an error message will be shown. Otherwise,
the 2 matrices will be multiplied using the standard algorithm and the product
will be added to the end of mat_arr.

Task 6 (Sorting matrices):

mat_arr is sorted using the merge sort algorithm in increasing order of the
sum of all elements of each matrix.

Task 7 (Transposing a matrix):

A copy of the original matrix is made, which is then used to change m into its
transpose.

Task 8 (Eliminating a matrix):

All memory used by the given matrix is freed, and all following matrices are
shifted one position to the left.

Task 9 (Freeing all resources):

All matrices that are still in mat_arr are freed.

Task 10 (Strassen's algorithm):

The matrices which have to be multiplied are split into the 4 submatrices
required for the implementation of Strassen's algorithm. Then the sums and
differences required by the recursive calls are calculated. The 7 specific
matrices are then calculated recursively and the result is built according
to Strassen's formulas.